hey speaking of ancient creatures Joe
Biden is riding high right now he's
according to a new CNN poll of
Democratic voters Biden is currently the
number one choice by a lot he's 24
points ahead of his closest competitor
Bernie Sanders who is in second place
which could mean a showdown between
Biden and Bernie itch is exciting you
know usually when a couple of 70 year
olds are in competition the winner is
whoever yells bingo first so this is
many believe Donald Trump is helping Joe
Biden by tweeting about him and calling
him sleepy Joe but sleepy was up bright
and early today on Good Morning America
where Robert Roberts asked if he has a
motto the president has a motto make
America great again do you have one
make America moral again which okay make
America moral again is a nice sentiment
but it is an absolutely terrible hat
it's
you know President Trump is doing
everything he can to hide his financial
statements he filed a lawsuit yesterday
the block Deutsche Bank and Capital One
from handing over his financial records
to Congress these are personal and
business records that Congress issued
subpoenas for but you know the president
he he treats subpoenas like their
wedding vows he they mean nothing to him
that the plaintiffs in the suit include
Donald Trump his daughter Ivanka and his
sons Eric and DJ TJ they were all suing
together you know some families go
camping together some play board games
others even Tiffany feels good or bad
about being left out of the family
lawsuit I'm probably good but and by the
way suing your banks to keep them from
sending your records to Congress not a
great look for a President of the United
States like suing your school to keep
them from sending your parents your
report card which he definitely would
have done if he thought of it back down
this is quite a conundrum for the banks
who are now between a rock and a hard
place because it's illegal for them to
ignore a subpoena but they're also
getting sued so we got in touch with the
Trump Family Foundation lawyer
surprisingly he agreed to answer
questions and he is with us from New
York City right now please welcome Larry
Harding attorney at law hello Larry how
you doing
well thank you for joining us I really
do appreciate it and I have a few
questions I'd yeah before we start I
have to ask are you wearing a wire by
wearing wire this is airing on
televisions all right sorry force of
habit house ask I can never know right
yeah anyway any who's it what do you
want to know well I wonder why the Trump
family is suing their banks and refusing
to disclose their financial information
it's like everywhere Jim it's very
simple really we just feel that some
things are better left a mystery a
mystery that's right a mystery it's
something you keep secrets something
that remains unknown yeah yeah I know
what a mystery is great okay so you
understand what I'm saying
you know no not really because the banks
got subpoenaed by Congress and you're
telling them not to comply with the
subpoena on what legal grounds can you
do that legal grounds this isn't about
the law it's about good old-fashioned
manners frankly when it comes to money
we just think it's impolite to pry it's
it's go it's ghost so gauche maybe
even negotiate okay but but what about
the American people don't we have a
right to know what our president is up
to no of course not
you people you people have a right to
mind your own gosh-darn beeswax that's
our motto actually we even put it on a
sign
isn't that terrific yeah I guess but I'm
not sure that's gonna hold up in court
well it might not but I think my friends
Abraham and George can be mighty
persuasive you're gonna you're gonna
bribe the judge with six dollars that's
just that's just a down payment
Oh mr. Trump says he'll pay me the rest
when he's out of oh okay yeah thank you
for which did I ask if you're a cop you
know you have to tell me if you're I
know I'm not a cop
good okay okay well thank you Larry
that's Larry Harding the Trump family
lawyer
our motto yes you did mention the motto
you guys your own guards don't yeah okay
well thank you again
this could be good news for Donald Trump
the Secretary of State Mont Mike Pompeo
said yesterday that Russia will continue
to try to interfere in our elections for
a long time he said we should expect
that in 2050 the Russians will still be
at it and that makes center of course
the Russians want a medal in our
elections the only other hobbies they
have are making beet soup and freezing
to death it's what they do
basically it's Russia's goal to make
sure America elects the worst possible
person and and they knocked it out of
the park you really have to it was like
it's like it's like trick Pepsi into
hiring Gary Busey as their CEO this is a
weird one researchers at Oxford
University believe that in 50 years
there could be more dead people on
Facebook than live people they predict
that 1.4 billion Facebook users will die
before the end of the century and their
Facebook pages will not be able they'll
live on basically Facebook is turning
into an army of white walkers and Mark
Zuckerberg is the night king but I
wonder when that happens are we still
gonna have to wish all the dead people a
happy birthday right now the place for
dead people is Florida you know Florida
is commonly known as God's waiting room
and last night we had a great moment
from this week in Florida tonight we get
another nugget from the Sunshine State
it's time for yet another edition of
this week in Florida
man in Fort Walton Beach is accused of
beating up a mattress deputies say his
girlfriend was in the room he thought
she was cheating on him and he attacked
the mattress with the bedpost
ripping it open because he thought the
man she was cheating on him with was
inside the mattress a kendo later
admitted that he had been smoking meth
[Applause]
Francis you know the Pope you know the
guy with the yeah he is taking a stand
on an unusual subject the Pope yesterday
addressed a group of barber stylists and
beauticians and warned them to avoid
falling into the temptation of gossip
the Pope's had practice your profession
in a Christian style treating customers
with kindness and courtesy offering them
a good word and encouragement that's no
fun is it I mean did the Pope just spend
the weekend binge watching old episodes
of The Andy Griffith Show why is this on
his mind it seems odd to me that he
would talk about this and I wondered
what beauty professionals think of it so
I asked my longtime barber Harry Stewart
to weigh in on this subject and I
believe me I'm standing by now oh hey
hey you're looking a little shaggy for a
trim you dirty here oh come on I will do
but what did you think of the Pope's
statement that barbers and stylists need
to stop gossiping oh I think his
holiness is absolutely right I hate
gossip oh all right no you know who used
to love to gossip Joan Rivers look what
happened to her oh well did you know
Joan Rivers did I know Joan Rivers yeah
did you know Joan Rivers I know everyone
I've been strolling Hollywood's biggest
stars for years
you see my Wall of Fame yes yes take us
through that because that is some here I
am to start things off with dr. bill
cause now Wow haven't seen him in a
while uh-huh oh there's that CBS fella
uh-huh with Harvey Weinstein Oh mister
r.kelly
music oh and Kevin Spacey he's a
friendly fella legs his hair nice and
short the way God cuts his hair and you
know Jimmy if you get me that picture I
keep asking you for I got a nice spot
for you right yeah you know what Harry I
think I'll be fine without having my
picture up on the wall you know you may
want to take some of those down you are
who Jimmy oh that's not the joke I'm not
really joking but Harry are you drinking
the the stuff you sterilize the combs in
I sure do Jimmy it's called barbicide it
packs quite a punch let me tell you I
don't know that you're supposed to be
drinking that whoa that's good huh huh
my little piece of blue heaven haha you
know that song yeah I do I remember but
be careful with that and I'm glad to see
you're not gossiping it no sir no gossip
yeah you know our motto our shop motto
what is the shot mind your own gosh darn
[Applause]
I
that's very good advice and thank you so
much Jimmy ya know that Elton John is a
gay yes I did and that's gossip Harry
that's exactly what the Pope is saying
not to do ya know okay well thank you
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it